python/README.md, before:

# Midas-py

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![pypi-version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/midas-client.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/midas-client/)

A Python-based client library designed to interact with the `midas-server`, providing a streamlined interface for accessing data. Similar to its Rust counterpart (`midas-rs`), it leverages the `mbn` library for binary encoding, enabling both streaming data and saving it to binary MBN-encoded files.

## Features

- **Stream Data**: Fetch live or historical data directly from the `midas-server` in real-time.
- **Save to File**: Save data to a binary MBN-encoded file for efficient storage and retrieval.
- **Built on MBN**: Leverages the high-performance binary encoding capabilities of the `mbn` library.

## Installation

You can install `midas-py` directly from [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/midas-client/):

```bash
pip install midas-client
```

## Documentation

Detailed documentation is coming soon. Stay tuned for examples and usage guides!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to improve the library.

## License

Licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update mbinary and added publishing action to crates.io.

python/README.md, after:

# Midas-client

A Rust-based client library designed to interact with the `midas-server`, providing a streamlined interface for accessing data. It is built on top of the `mbinary` library for binary encoding, but offers a higher-level abstraction that enables both streaming data and saving it to binary MBN-encoded files.

## Features

- **Stream Data**: Fetch live or historical data directly from the `midas-server` in real-time.
- **Save to File**: Save data to a binary MBN-encoded file for efficient storage and retrieval.
- **Built on mbinary**: Leverages the high-performance binary encoding capabilities of the `mbinary` library.

## Installation

You can install `midas-client` directly from [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/midas-client/):

```bash
pip install midas-client
```

## Documentation

Detailed documentation is coming soon. Stay tuned for examples and usage guides!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to improve the library.

## License

Licensed under the [Apache-2.0 License](LICENSE).
